.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributors Guide

Please read and understand the contribution guide before creating an issue or pull request.

## Etiquette

- Please be considerate towards the developers and other users when raising issues or presenting pull requests.
- Respect our decision(s), and do not be upset or abusive if your submission is not used.

## Viability

When requesting or submitting new features, first consider whether it might be useful to others.
Open source projects are used by many people, who may have entirely different needs to your own.
Think about whether or not your feature is likely to be used by other users of the project.

## Procedure

**Before filing an issue:**

- Attempt to replicate and **document** the problem, to ensure that it wasn't a coincidental incident.
- Check to make sure your feature suggestion isn't already present within the project.
- Check the pull requests tab to ensure that the bug doesn't have a fix in progress.
- Check the pull requests tab to ensure that the feature isn't already in progress.

**Before submitting a pull request:**

- Check the codebase to ensure that your feature doesn't already exist.
- Check the pull requests to ensure that another person hasn't already submitted the feature or fix.
- Read and understand the [DCO guidelines](https://github.com/pvogt09/gammasyn/wiki/DCO) for the project.

## Technical Requirements

- Submit Pull Requests to the **development branch only**.
- Before Submitting your Pull Request, merge `development` with your new branch and fix any conflicts. (Make sure you don't break anything in development!)
- Commit Unix line endings.
- Indent your code using tabulators.

Commit message:

adds Gitlab markdown hint to CONTRIBUTING.md
Signed-off-by: pvogt09 <50047961+pvogt09@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributors Guide

Please read and understand the contribution guide before creating an issue or pull request.

## Etiquette

- Please be considerate towards the developers and other users when raising issues or presenting pull requests.
- Respect our decision(s), and do not be upset or abusive if your submission is not used.

## Viability

When requesting or submitting new features, first consider whether it might be useful to others.
Open source projects are used by many people, who may have entirely different needs to your own.
Think about whether or not your feature is likely to be used by other users of the project.

## Procedure

**Before filing an issue:**

- Attempt to replicate and **document** the problem, to ensure that it wasn't a coincidental incident.
- Check to make sure your feature suggestion isn't already present within the project.
- Check the pull requests tab to ensure that the bug doesn't have a fix in progress.
- Check the pull requests tab to ensure that the feature isn't already in progress.

**Before submitting a pull request:**

- Check the codebase to ensure that your feature doesn't already exist.
- Check the pull requests to ensure that another person hasn't already submitted the feature or fix.
- Read and understand the [DCO guidelines](https://github.com/pvogt09/gammasyn/wiki/DCO) for the project.

## Technical Requirements

- Submit Pull Requests to the **development branch only**.
- Before Submitting your Pull Request, merge `development` with your new branch and fix any conflicts. (Make sure you don't break anything in development!)
- The documentation (`README.md`) is automatically created from `README.tex.md` when the pull request is created and the `README.tex.md` file uses Gitlab markdown instead of Github markdown to support math formulae.
- Commit Unix line endings.
- Indent your code using tabulators.
